Integrating relationship api (#111)
HPInc/ml-git: docs/api/README.md

</details>

<details markdown="1">
<summary><code> init_entity_manager </code></summary>
<br>

```python
def init_entity_manager(github_token, url):

>     """Initialize the a entity manager to operate over github api.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    """Initialize an entity manager to operate over github API.
```

Author: Adjusted in 6c1d6f36. Thanks a lot.

        Examples:
            init_entity_manager('github_token', 'https://api.github.com')

        Args:
            github_token (str): The personal access github token.
            url (str): The github api url.

        Returns:
            object of class EntityManager.

    """
```
</details>

<details markdown="1">
<summary><code> EntityManager </code></summary>
<br>

```python

> class EntityManager:

Reviewer: I think we can present these two classes (`EntityManager` and `Entity`) in a different section than the available methods section.

Author: Adjusted in 6c1d6f36. Thanks a lot.

</details>

<details markdown="1">

> <summary><code> init_entity_manager </code></summary>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<summary><code> init entity manager </code></summary>
```

Author: Adjusted in 3df22402.

<br>

```python
def init_entity_manager(github_token, url):
    """Initialize an entity manager to operate over github API.

        Examples:
            init_entity_manager('github_token', 'https://api.github.com')

        Args:
            github_token (str): The personal access github token.
            url (str): The github api url.

        Returns:
            object of class EntityManager.

    """
```
</details>

## Classes used in the API.

> Some methods uses the described below classes:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Some methods uses the classes described below:
```
